content/en/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Louis Holleville
# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Site Reliability Engineer

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: WeMaintain
    url: https://wemaintain.com/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My interests include cloud computing, DevSecOps pratices and industrialization.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Cloud Architecture
  - DevSecOps
  - Infrastructure as Code
# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
    - course: Graduate Engineer in Global IT Management
      institution: EPITA
      year: 2021

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/LouisHolleville
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/SnathanP
  - icon: gitlab
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://gitlab.com/SnathanP
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/louis-holleville

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`,
# and uncomment the lines below.
  - icon: cv
    icon_pack: ai
    link: ../uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

Hello world! Freshly graduated from EPITA, I just not wanted to create and enhanced solutions to answer company needs, I wanted to see beyond the code, how it will become part of the daily life of a company, for its consumers, for its customers and how it was brought to them.

As an engineer, the why is central to my approach and enriches myself with a lot of experiences and contexts but also allows me to re-think the needs and processes at its origin.

Does your company has a story to tell?

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.

Commit message:

update(freelance): rebrand as a freelance

content/en/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Louis Holleville
# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Cloud Infrastructure & DevOps Freelance

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
#organizations:
#  - name: WeMaintain
#    url: https://wemaintain.com/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My interests include cloud computing, DevSecOps pratices and industrialization.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Cloud Architecture
  - DevSecOps
  - Infrastructure as Code
# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
    - course: Graduate Engineer in Global IT Management
      institution: EPITA
      year: 2021

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: '/#contact'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/LouisHolleville
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/SnathanP
  - icon: gitlab
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://gitlab.com/SnathanP
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/louis-holleville

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`,
# and uncomment the lines below.
  - icon: cv
    icon_pack: ai
    link: ../uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

Hello world! Graduated from EPITA in 2021, I was able to travel into different companies, ecosystem, tech stacks and really find my way: Creating and enhancing solutions to answer company needs, I want to see beyond the code, how it will become part of the daily life of a company, for its consumers, for its customers and how it was brought to them.

As an engineer, the why is central to my approach and enriches myself with a lot of experiences and contexts but also allows me to re-think the needs and processes at its origin.

Does your company has a story to tell?

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.
